MPG Regression

Both vehicle length and ground clearance provide a non-random amount of variance to 
the MPG values in this dataset indicated by their p-values.  The slope of the linear 
model is not considered to be zero because there is a significant linear relationship 
between both vehicle length and ground clearance with MPG values.  Only if there is 
no significant linear relationship would the slope be zero.  This multiple linear 
regression does not predict MPG of MechaCar prototypes effectively.  As indicated 
in the findings, there is a significant linear relationship between the intercept 
and the MPG values.  This indicates that there are other variables and factors that 
contribute to the variation in MPG that have not been included in this model.


Suspension Coil Summary

The findings for the suspension coil data are as follows:

Manufacturing_Lot 	Mean_PSI 	Median_PSI 	Variance_PSI 	Std_Dev_PSI
Lot1             	1500.      	1500.         	1.15        	1.07
Lot2              	1500.       	1499.        	10.1         	3.18
Lot3               	1499.      	1498.       	220.         	14.8 

The current manufacturing data for both Lot1 and Lot2 meet the design specification 
of a variance not exceeding 100 psi.  However, the variance for Lot3 indicates a 
variance of 220 psi, and therefore, does not meet the design specifications.


Suspension Coil T-Test

A one-sample t-test was used to determine that the suspension coil’s pound-per-inch 
results are not statistically different from the mean population results of 1,500 
pounds per inch.  Assuming our significance level was the common 0.05 percent, our 
p-value is above our significance level at 0.50.  Therefore, the two means are 
statistically similar.


Design Your Own Study

A statistical study that can quantifying how the MechaCar outperforms the 
competition would involve several metrics important to consumers.  One overall 
category that encompasses many others is the overall cost of ownership.  Our study 
could answer the question of how the overall ownership cost of the MechaCar 
compares to other vehicles in its class.  We could collect several sets of data 
including: initial vehicle cost, fuel efficiency, and repair cost data.  The null 
hypothesis would be that the MechaCar would outperform the competition with the 
lowest overall ownership cost.  The alternative hypothesis would be that the 
MechaCar would be the most costly vehicle in its class.  We could perform a 
multiple linear regression to determine the significance of each component on 
overall cost for each vehicle in the class, and determine if our hypothesis is true.

